[datadog-operator] watch all namespaces by default (#399)
DataDog/helm-charts: charts/datadog-operator/README.md

| serviceAccount.create | bool | `true` | Specifies whether a service account should be created |
| serviceAccount.name | string | `nil` | The name of the service account to use. If not set name is generated using the fullname template |
| supportExtendedDaemonset | string | `"false"` | If true, supports using ExtendedDeamonSet CRD |
| tolerations | list | `[]` | Allows to schedule Datadog Operator on tainted nodes |
| watchNamespaces | list | `[]` | Restrics the Operator to watch its managed resources on specific namespaces |

## How to configure which namespaces are watched by the Operator.

> By default, the Operator only watch resources (`DatadogAgent`, `DatadogMonitor`) present in its current namespace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the Operator only watches resources (`DatadogAgent`, `DatadogMonitor`) that are present in its current namespace.
```

> It is possible to configure the Operator to watch resources present in one or severals specific namespaces.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is possible to configure the Operator to watch resources that are present in one or several specific namespaces.
```
